Title: Manually classify 10,000 forum posts from online classes

You will read 10,000 forum posts from students in online classes, and
will evaluate each along six categories. You will enter your results
in a spreadsheet.

Background:

We are building computer support to help instructors of very large
online courses (MOOCs) respond quickly to student concerns or
frustrations. The courses include tens of thousands of students. Their
difficulties manifest in the online forum facilities associated with
the courses. Since instructors cannot read all forum posts, we try to
build computer software for automatically selecting posts that require
instructor attention. Each post is one or two short
paragraphs. Participants of the courses respond to each other’s posts,
fostering discussion.

'Teaching' a computer to pick the important posts requires a large
'gold set' of forum posts that are hand classified by reliable human
evaluators. This job will create such a gold set.

Each post needs to be tagged along six categories:

- Is the post a question?
- Is it an answer?
- Is it an opinion?
- What is the emotional tone of the post? Does the tone mostly convey
  a negative emotion, such as sadness, anger, or frustration?  Or is
  the post's tone more positive, such as expressing happiness,
  delight, relief, etc.?
- To what extent does the post express confusion, such as an inability
  to understand some concept that is taught in the class?
- How urgent is it that the instructor get involved in response to the
  post? 

Additionally we ask that you flag any posts that reveal the identity
of the poster. We try to remove such entries from the set.

The posts and a template for the above per-post evaluations are
contained in an Excel spreadsheet that is to be filled in.

The main prerequisite for this job is that you have enough time to do
a reliable job. All our subsequent work will depend on your
information being correct. 

A second requirement is that you are willing to sign a statement
promising to keep any personally identifiable information you find in
the posts confidential. We have tried to remove all names, email
addresses, and phone numbers, but we need to be sure that if something
slipped through, you don't tell.


-----

Instructions:

Open your spreadsheet. You care only about the left most seven
columns. The left-most cell in each row contains one forum posts. Next
is a cell with column header 'Opinion(1/0)'. Put a 1 into that cell if
the post expresses an opinion, else put a 0. The 'Question(1/0)'
column similarly gets a 1 if the post contains a question, else,
please enter a 0. The 'Answer(1/0)' should receive a 1 if the post
contains an answer to what appears to have been a question in a prior
post. Note that a single post might include both an opinion and an
answer, or some other mix of question, answer, or opinion. Just place
1's in all columns that apply.

The next three columns need ratings from 1 to 7. Here are some
details:

Sentiment indicates the emotional tone of the post -- whether the post
conveys a negative emotion (sadness, anger, or frustration) or a
positive one (happiness, delight, relief, etc.). Sentiments are mapped
to scores as follows:

Sentiment:
----------
Extremely negative   → 1
Very negative        → 2
Somewhat negative    → 3
Neutral              → 4
Somewhat positive    → 5
Very positive        → 6
Extremely positive   → 7


Confusion indicates the extent to which the post's author is
expressing an inability to understand some concept that is taught in
the class. Different degrees of confusion are mapped to scores as
follows:

Confusion:
----------
Extremely knowledgeable → 1
Very knowledgeable      → 2
Somewhat knowledgeable  → 3
Neutral                 → 4
Somewhat confused       → 5
Very confused           → 6
Extremely confused      → 7

Urgency indicates the degree to which the instructor(s) should be
concerned with the content of the post. If a post is very urgent, then
the instructor should respond to the post as soon as possible. If a
post is not urgent, then the instructor might not have to respond to
the post at all. Different degrees of urgency *to the instructor* are
mapped to scores as follows:

Urgency:
--------
No reason to read the post                   → 1
Not actionable; read if time                 → 2
Not actionable; maybe interesting            → 3
Neutral: respond if spare time               → 4
Somewhat urgent: good idea to reply          → 5
     teaching assistant might
     suffice.
Very urgent: good idea for instructor     → 6
         to reply.
Extremely urgent: instructor definitely 
      needs to reply                  → 7


Poster Identifiable
-------------------

Please place a 1 in this cell if you see personally identifiable
information in the row's post. First names are not a problem. Full
names, email addresses, or phone numbers to warrant a 1.


Examples
--------

Ex. 1: Yay - done! Passed by the skin of my teeth. And thanks
       everyone!  Many thanks to the Networking course team, as well
       as fellow learners whose informed posts provided the needed
       help on some problems!  Thanks also to Stanford and the OpenEdx
       team for another amazing learning experience through this
       platform.  Take care all, bye!  Mike
Sentiment: 7
Confusion: 1
Urgency:   4

Ex. 2: I would like to thank you for the class. I learned a lot even
       though I didn't complete the programming assignment and the
       final exam.  
Sentiment: 6
Confusion: 4
Urgency:   3

Ex. 3: When will the next quiz be released? I'd like to get a head
       start on it, since I've got some extra time these days. 
Sentiment: 4
Confusion: 4
Urgency:   5

Ex. 4: Thank you Phil, Nick, Robert, Akshay, Suresh, Vimal, and
       Antonin, and everyone who has been of great help, and making
       this so freely available. Would it be possible to have more
       programming assignments in the next run? It has been greatly
       beneficial, and looking forward to have tcp/ip, nat or
       application exercises, or even a separate course such as
       unix/linux network programming would be great! 
Sentiment: 7
Confusion: 4
Urgency:   4

Ex. 5: Although I didn't pass the course, it was very satisfying for
       me to learn all the things I did. I'm thinking of taking the
       course again if I have the chance, the situation in my country
       (Venezuela) wasn't favorable for me but I did my
       best. Congratulations to Nick and Phil and the TA's for giving
       us this oportunity of learning. Keep it up. 
Sentiment: 5
Confusion: 5
Urgency:   3

Ex. 6: Double colons "::"  expand to longest possible 0's  
       If the longest is 0, will  the address be considered valid ?  (
       even if it doesn't make sense and there is no room for adding
       0's) 
       Can someone please answer ?
       Thanks in advance
Sentiment: 4
Confusion: 6
Urgency:   5

Ex. 7: The website is down at the moment
       https://class.stanford.edu/courses/Engineering/Networking/Winter2014/courseware
       seems down and I'm not able to submit the Midterm. Still have
       the "Final Submit" button on the page, but it doesn't work. Are
       the servers congested? 
       thanks anyway
Sentiment: 3
Confusion: 4
Urgency:   7

Ex. 8: Please vote to request the teachers to kindly extend quiz
       dates.  For an online self-study class, it makes sense to have
       an extra week or two to complete each quiz.  
        () one week extra to complete quizes for credit
        ()two weeks extra to complele quizes for credit
        () all quizes can be completed for credit anytime before
               end date of course  
Sentiment: 3
Confusion: 4
Urgency:   6
